docs/index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/mastervanleeuwen/J-TrackGallery/edit/master/docs/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/mastervanleeuwen/J-TrackGallery/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

First draft of documentation landing page

docs/index.md, after:

### J!TrackGallery

J!TrackGallery is a Joomla Track Gallery component, which allows to store and display GPS track data and photos.

Our Goal is to provide a non commercial, free, open source, GNU/GPL2 licensed component for Joomla 3.x and future versions (with some backward compatibility for older Joomla versions). 
Allowing to seamlessly upload GPX tracks and display maps on Joomla based website.

- Documentation pages can be found [here](https://mastervanleeuwen.github.io/J-TrackGallery/)
- The code is hosted on [github](https://github.com/mastervanleeuwen/J-TrackGallery)
- For bug reports etc to this version, use the [github issues page](https://github.com/mastervanleeuwen/J-TrackGallery/issues)

#### Status of the Project

0.9.28 (15 November 2020) is an inofficial release of J!Track Gallery; the main changes with respect to 0.9.27 are:
- Move to OpenLayers v6. This changes the appearance of maps, and makes future additions easier
- Switching between maps in the front end (user view) is not supported by the new openlayers, and has been disabled
- Support for Route information from Garmin Basecamp
- Google maps support is not present by default; the terms and conditions no longer allow to display Google Maps with the OpenLayers API. There is a workaround for this, but it has not been implemented in Joomla Track Gallery yet.

0.9.27 version of J!Track Gallery have been pushed in March 2017.  
Last months commits were mostly related to adding new feature and bug fix.

#### History of J!TrackGallery  

This is a continuation of the J!TrackGallery project that has been developed by Christophe Seguinot who also maintained a home/commmunity page at http://jtrackgallery.net which is no longer available
J!TrackGallery may be considered as a fork of [InJooosm](http://injooosm.sourceforge.net/)
This valuable component is no longer maintained (last version is for Joomla 1.5). At the beginning of this project, I was not able to reach previous author so I decided to rename the component from InJooOSM to J!TrackGallery. 

It may be note that **InJooosm** was a fork of [joomgpstracks](http://www.joomlaos.de/Joomla_CMS_Downloads/Joomla_Komponenten/JoomGPSTracks.html)

 - Many Thanks to *Michael Pfister* (JoomGPSTracks) and *Christian Knorr* (InJooOSM) for providing this valuable component to the Open source community. 

N.B. For those who always use InJooosm 0.5.7, see manual: http://jtrackgallery.net/wiki/install/migrate-from-injoosm
